CCulture is a cultural algorithm simulation game. It simulates a population of individuals ( called cells too ) that follow a certain belief. After a certain time , each cell teams up with another to give birth to the newer generation where each new cell follows a combination of the parents' beliefs as its own then the other generation passes away. At the end of each generaion the belief system which is composed of the 3 major beliefs is updated and then every cell takes in the closet major belief to him and adds it to its belief. In this game , a belief is represented by a color ,and a  cell is represented with a circle containing a color ( its belief ). Other than asking those cells about the color they like the most , the color is a methaphor for what it believes in , so it can range from religion , to its taste in music or just its favorite color.

To decide the next generation , the user has few but impactful methods of influencing through the variables defined first in the code , although randomness has a role in deciding alot of factors.

This application can be a way to observe and play around with the notion or a tool to learn more and even be built upon to become a real life simulation.

Now , getting to the core and understanding how it works.
First , we have functions the word "build" in their names. These call methods from a file called graphics.py (which is a low level tool to draw simple designs ) to construct the scene that consists of :
-top half : 3 big rectangles containing the current belief system. 
-bottom half : a closed environment where each cell is created.
Intially these cells are white filled since the simulation didn't start yet for a listener on the mouse is waiting for a left click on the scene. 
After that each cell is assigned a random color from the initial culture with the calling of "first_generation". A second click will start the simulation. It will run for a set number of generations ( initiazed by the user )
Each run will do apply these in this specific order :
-Create the next generation "ith_generation" : a random pair of cells will be give an number of offsprings.
If the static mode is set to "True" the number of offsprings will be two so that the size of the population will stay constant ( equal to the initial value "nb_pop" ) where one is called "traditional" having the color of one of his parents and the other "hybrid" having the sum of his parents with a percentage (the function is called "static_selection").
If the static mode is set to "False" then the number of offsprings is a random number between "nb_min_children" and "nb_max_children" where the first and the second will have the same colors of their parents ( if number >=2) and the rest will have the sum of the colors of their parents to a declining degre.
While all this process , with every creation , there is a possibility that a rebel will be born insted , this cell will have a random color not related to its parents.
-Update the culture "update_culture" which sorts all the current beliefs and takes the 3 major ones and sets them as the current belief system.
-Relate the population to the belief system by mixing each cell's color with the closest one form the belief system.
Following this , the number of the current population and a list of all the current beliefs is printed.
